They asked us, some years later, to be part
of that apology letter that they issued to
the community, and, you know, we refused to
participate when it became clear that they
weren’t willing to actually take action, they were
just willing to say more words. So, they weren’t
going to change anything structurally in terms
of policy, there was not even really a gesture
towards that. And... [laughing] You know, they
issued the apology, and then there’s, like,
the Marie Curtis [Park] raids. [laughs] It was
just like, “Dude, this is why we said no.”
We were all sort of chatting on Facebook about our
experiences, and it didn’t really hit me what
a collective trauma this was ’til I started
reading everybody sharing their stories about
the horror of that night and what went down.
It’s all happening, right? And then it’s like,
“Oh wow, that really was a trauma that we went
through.” And it was quite something that the
organizers of the Pussy Palace told the cops to
go fuck themselves and what they could do with
their apology. And they’re like, “Yeah, we don’t
want your stupid PR move. F-you. This is nothing.
This is meaningless.” And they were right. They
were totally right. Because even in the end,
their “apology” for the raiding of the men’s
bathhouses was bullshit. It wasn’t an apology.